
context - Tells docker where to find the Docker file. Otherwise (not necessarily in this project) 
    too much context can slow down the build process.


networks - Lets us to define shared network for our services. 
    A specially usefull for security where some services can be access only from inside that network and not publicy avaialble. 
    Each service in our network called upload_network has been given a DNS name that machtes the service name like api, client and nginx.



ipam(IP address management) - sets the subnet for services in the same netwrok and ensures that IP addresses are within the defined range.

CIDR Notation(Classless Inter-Domain Routing) - The /16 is a CIDR  notation. It specifies the size of the subnet:
    /16 means the first 16 bits of the IP address are fixed (e.g., 172.28), and the remaining 16 bits can vary.
    This allows for 65,534 usable IP addresses in the subnet (from 172.28.0.1 to 172.28.255.254).
    Used Example:
        networks:
            upload_network:
                    driver: bridge
                    ipam:
                        driver: default
                        config:
                            - subnet: 172.28.0.0/16


bridge - Driver that allows containers on the same host to communicate with each other. 

ports - ports directive is used to map ports form the host machine to the container.
    This makes continer ports accessible from outside the Docker network(from the local machine or the external systems)
    Host-Continer Mapping - mapes a port on the host machine to a port on the container.
    External Access - Allows external sustem to access the container's servies.
    Range support - specifies the range 5000-5005:5000-5005 with <host-port>:<container-port>


expose - expose directive lets us specify ports that continer will listen on internally.
    These ports are not mapped to the host machine and are only accessible to other services within the same Docker network.
    Internal Access only - Ports avaialble only to other container in docker network(upload_network)
    No Host Mapping - It does not map ports to a host machine. Making it impossible to be accessed externally.
    Explenation - The client service exposes port 5000 internally. Other services in the same Docker network (e.g., nginx) 
        can access this port using the service name (e.g., http://client:5000).
        However, this port is not accessible from the host machine or external systems.


restart - Explanation of the different restart policies:
    no: The container will not be restarted automatically. This is the default behavior.
    always: The container will always be restarted, regardless of the exit code.
    on-failure: The container will be restarted only if it exits with a non-zero exit code (indicating an error).
    unless-stopped: The container will be restarted unless it is explicitly stopped by the user (e.g., using docker-compose down or docker stop).
    

resources:
limits - specifies the max of Ram of cpu usage that container can use. 
    If the container exceeds it, it will be termianted/killed with "out of memory" error by docker daemon. 

reservations - specifies the max amount of ram of cpu that is reserved for the container. 
    Docker ensurres that the container has at least this amount of ram of cpu avaiable. 
    If the host system is under high demand, docker iwll prioritize containers with reservations. 

Rolling Updates - A deployment strategy where new versions of a service are gradually rolled out, replacing old instances one by one.
     This ensures that the service remains available during the update process.
     Example:
            deploy:
                replicas: 3
                update_config:
                    parallelism: 1      # Update one instance at a time
                    delay: 10s          # Wait 10 seconds between updates

ZeroDowntime Deployments - A deployment strategy where the application remains fully operational and accessible to users during the update process.
    No downtime or service interruption occurs.
    Example:
        deploy:
            replicas: 3
            update_config:
                parallelism: 1
                delay: 10s
                order: start-first  # Start new instances before stopping old ones


healthcheck - by implementing /health endpoint we can set a action to check the health of the container.
    Example:
        healthcheck:
        test: ["CMD", "curl", "-f", "http://localhost:5000/health"]  # Health check command
        interval: 30s                                                # Check every 30 seconds
        timeout: 10s                                                 # Timeout after 10 seconds
        retries: 3                                                   # Retry 3 times before marking as unhealthy
        start_period: 10s                                            # Wait 10 seconds before starting checks

